Fix: Add content types to Konnect API page (#7410)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/api/index.md

The Konnect API supports filtering, read the [Filtering reference](/konnect/api/filtering/) to learn more.

## Supported Content Types

The {{site.konnect_short_name}} APIs accept three content types, depending on the API specification and the specific endpoint:

- **application/json**
- **application/x-www-form-urlencoded**
- **multipart/form-data**

> Please refer to the API specification for detailed information on the content types supported by each endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the individual API specifications for detailed information on the content types supported by each endpoint.
```
